README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

feat(auth) : implement auth with google provider

README.md, after:

# Take Home Test Internship 2024

**Problem Statement**

Create a book list website which allows to manage books and book categories.

**Context**

A book category contains a set of books.

A book must at least have the properties Title, Author, Publication Date, Publisher, Number of pages, Category

**Task**

Create a website which allows an end user

1. Create/Update/Delete Book Categories 
2. Create/Update/Delete Books
3. View List Book Categories
4. View List Books
5. Filter List Books by Categories
6. Filter List Books by text that will search for Title, Author and Publisher
7. Filter List Books by Publication Date

**Recommended Technology Stack**

Choose the one you are most familiar.

- JavaScript/PHP/Go or any programming language mastered
- Database SQL/noSQL,

**Assignment Collection Method**

- Candidate should put their test results on a public code repository hosted on Github.
- Once test is completed, please share the Github repository URL to hiring team so they can review your work.
